# chat_final
<P>This project is ASP.NET Core MVC web application where people can chat between each oter or in groups.
Registration is implemented with Microsoft Identity platform, but no email confirmation is required. Users can use all features of Identity platform including password changing or restoring, adding names, etc.</P>
<P>User can see link to the chat only after logging in. After clicking the link, the user passes to the page that contains list of started dialogs. By clicking buttons with names of other users, the loginned user can pass to the concrete chat. It is also possible to start a new dialog by typing user name in the input below the list of chats and clicking "Create" button. If the chat with entered user already exists, the user will be redirected to this chat, otherwise, the new empty chat will be created. The user can also start dialog with himself to save important texts.</P>
<P>There is list of messages between two users on the chat page. The messages from loginned user and their interlocutor differ in color, and buttons to edit and delete message are present on each message from loginned user. These buttons contain bootstrap icons so it is easy to understand their purpose.</P>
<P>The app is deployed in Azure using MS SQL Server. The link is: </P>
<P>I have also implemented similar Razor Pages app, but without using Identity platform. There the registration and password checking were implemented manually. This project is located in the same GitHub account with "Chat" repository name.</P>
